# ProgLanProject


:one: Facebook: [Facebook Account](https://www.facebook.com/entre.coore.3) <br />
:two: Twitter : [Twitter Account] <br />
:three: Instagram : [Instagram Account](https://www.instagram.com/entrecoore/?hl=tr) <br />

  Our project’s target audience is entrepreneurs who love to create something. As future entrepreneurs we asked ourselves, what may entrepreneur need? The answer to this question shaped our application’s features. This software will have 3 platforms to operate: Android, IOS and in web. We are planning to use a brand new platform called Flutter which uses the dart language and gets its support by Google. In our group, we have native android and native-IOS developers but according to the latest improvements in dart language and Flutter we decided to move on from here. When we were taking this decision we listened to our designer and took his opinions about material design upgrades and potentials in Flutter. We are thinking a basic but high-quality UI for entrepreneurs whose heads are full and probably does not want to see any complicated screens at least not when they are using our application. We are focusing the idea ‘Always have your basic tools in your hand*’ this is a very important step for creativity. We are planning to welcome our users with login or if they are new with a sign-up screen. When they are signing up we want to keep the name, age, their country and a very short bio. For keeping their data we found the Firestore as the most suitable option. We also considered Feathers and Meteor too but since we are using the support of Google we choose Firebase. Also, after signing in, user will be able to change their information. Keeping user information is important because we will also implement a board system. With this system, users will be able to plan their assignments. In our app, you can add multiple boards and in each board you can add multiple checkboxes as well. After you completed your assignments you can delete or set a reminder for your regular tasks. We are also considering to implement a sedentary alarm if the user chooses to use. All those notifications will be able to alert you even if the user exits our application. Also, users will be able to add their friends to their boards. In the main page, we also want to show our users Twitter’s TT list using Twitter’s rest API. And as and entrepreneurs ourselves we think being able to write our ideas with the most simple way is very important so in our app we will implement a FAB button to be able to write down ideas. You will be able to see them as a list, update and delete them. We will use sqlite to store this notes in your local storage and this means we will create a full CRUD circle. Also, entrepreneurs may need a place to distract them from their busy schedule, answer to this problem we thought about creating a fun zone. In this zone, you can expect to see a sudoku or tic tac toe game. Lastly, after researching more about an entrepreneurs’ essential websites, we will place icons to those websites. In web part, we will mostly use VueJs alongside with Vuetify or Bootstrap-vue. Skeleton will be the same but additionally, we will make a chatbot with Diaogflow. Replace fun zone with IO type games and since we have bigger screen our board system will be more horizontally designed. 
